Train Support Vector Machine Classifier (Spatial Analyst, ArcGIS Pro)
Label	Explanation	Data Type
Input Raster
The raster dataset to classify.

The preferred input is a 3-band, 8-bit segmented raster dataset in which all the pixels in the same segment have the same color. The input can also be a 1-band, 8-bit grayscale segmented raster. If no segmented raster is available, you can use any Esri-supported raster dataset.

Raster Layer; Mosaic Layer; Image Service; String
Input Training Sample File
The training sample file or layer that delineates the training sites.

These can be either shapefiles or feature classes that contain the training samples. The following field names are required in the training sample file:

classname—A text field indicating the name of the class category
classvalue—A long integer field containing the integer value for each class category
Feature Layer
Output Classifier Definition File
The output JSON format file that will contain attribute information, statistics, hyperplane vectors, and other information for the classifier. An .ecd file will be created.

File
Additional Input Raster
(Optional)
Ancillary raster datasets, such as a multispectral image or a DEM, will be incorporated to generate attributes and other required information for classification. This parameter is optional.

Raster Layer; Mosaic Layer; Image Service; String
Maximum Number of Samples Per Class
(Optional)
The maximum number of samples that will be used to define each class.

The default value of 500 is recommended when the inputs are nonsegmented rasters. A value that is less than or equal to 0 means that the system will use all the samples from the training sites to train the classifier.

Long
Segment Attributes Used
(Optional)
Specifies the attributes that will be included in the attribute table associated with the output raster.

This parameter is only active if the Segmented key property is set to true on the input raster. If the only input to the tool is a segmented image, the default attributes are Converged color, Count of pixels, Compactness, and Rectangularity. If an Additional Input Raster value is included as an input with a segmented image, Mean digital number and Standard deviation are also available attributes.

Converged color—The RGB color values will be derived from the input raster on a per-segment basis. This is also known as average chromaticity color.
Mean digital number—The average digital number (DN) will be derived from the optional pixel image on a per-segment basis.
Standard deviation—The standard deviation will be derived from the optional pixel image on a per-segment basis.
Count of pixels—The number of pixels composing the segment, on a per-segment basis.
Compactness—The degree to which a segment is compact or circular, on a per-segment basis. The values range from 0 to 1, in which 1 is a circle.
Rectangularity—The degree to which the segment is rectangular, on a per-segment basis. The values range from 0 to 1, in which 1 is a rectangle.
String
Dimension Value Field
(Optional)
Contains dimension values in the input training sample feature class.

This parameter is required to classify a time series of raster data using the change analysis raster output from the Analyze Changes Using CCDC tool in the Image Analyst toolbox.

Field